c:\users\mitch_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MedicsCommercial\MedicsCommercial\bin\Debug\MedicsCommercial.exe.config
c:\users\mitch_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MedicsCommercial\MedicsCommercial\bin\Debug\MedicsCommercial.exe
c:\users\mitch_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MedicsCommercial\MedicsCommercial\bin\Debug\MedicsCommercial.pdb
c:\users\mitch_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MedicsCommercial\MedicsCommercial\obj\Debug\MedicsCommercial.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\mitch_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MedicsCommercial\MedicsCommercial\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\mitch_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MedicsCommercial\MedicsCommercial\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\mitch_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MedicsCommercial\MedicsCommercial\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\mitch_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MedicsCommercial\MedicsCommercial\obj\Debug\MedicsCommercial_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\mitch_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MedicsCommercial\MedicsCommercial\obj\Debug\MedicsCommercial.g.resources
c:\users\mitch_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MedicsCommercial\MedicsCommercial\obj\Debug\MedicsCommercial.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\mitch_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MedicsCommercial\MedicsCommercial\obj\Debug\MedicsCommercial.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\mitch_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MedicsCommercial\MedicsCommercial\obj\Debug\MedicsCommercial.exe
c:\users\mitch_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MedicsCommercial\MedicsCommercial\obj\Debug\MedicsCommercial.pdb
c:\users\mitch_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MedicsCommercial\MedicsCommercial\obj\Debug\controls\vitals.baml
c:\users\mitch_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MedicsCommercial\MedicsCommercial\obj\Debug\controls\vitals.g.cs
c:\users\mitch_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MedicsCommercial\MedicsCommercial\obj\Debug\controls\videoControl.baml
c:\users\mitch_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MedicsCommercial\MedicsCommercial\obj\Debug\controls\videoControl.g.cs
c:\users\mitch_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MedicsCommercial\MedicsCommercial\obj\Debug\controls\fileControl.baml
c:\users\mitch_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MedicsCommercial\MedicsCommercial\obj\Debug\controls\fileControl.g.cs
C:\Users\mitch_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MedicsCommercial\MedicsCommercial\bin\Debug\Mitov.BasicLab.Design.dll
C:\Users\mitch_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MedicsCommercial\MedicsCommercial\bin\Debug\Mitov.PlotLab.Design.dll
C:\Users\mitch_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MedicsCommercial\MedicsCommercial\bin\Debug\Mitov.PlotLabBasic.Design.dll
C:\Users\mitch_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MedicsCommercial\MedicsCommercial\bin\Debug\Mitov.SignalLabBasic.Design.dll
C:\Users\mitch_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MedicsCommercial\MedicsCommercial\bin\Debug\Mitov.TimingLabBasic.Design.dll
